document output_schema and output_schema masking per StackStorm/st2#5319 (#1137)
StackStorm/st2docs: docs/source/upgrade_notes.rst

Upgrade Notes
=============

.. _ref-upgrade-notes-v3-8:

|st2| v3.8
----------

* For anyone that uses ``output_schema``, which is disabled by default:
  If you have ``[system].validate_output_schema = True`` in st2.conf AND you have added
  ``output_schema`` to any of your packs, then you must update your action metadata.

>   ``output_schema`` must be a full jsonschema now. If a schema is not well-formed, we ignore it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``output_schema`` must be a full jsonschema now. If a schema is not well-formed, it will be ignored.
```

  Now, ``output`` can be types other than object such as list, bool, int, etc.
  This also means that all of an action's output can be masked as a secret.

  To get the same behavior, you'll need to update your output schema.

>   For example, this schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, this schema used prior to 3.8.0:
```

  .. code-block:: yaml

    output_schema:
      property1:
        type: bool
      property2:
        type: str

  should be updated like this:

  .. code-block:: yaml

    output_schema:
      type: object
      properties:
        property1:
          type: bool
        property2:
          type: str

>       additionalProperties: false

Reviewer: Can we add a comment about when they should install the updated pack, and explain the consequences? e.g. if they install the new version prior to upgrade then the schema will be ignored, and if they update after upgrade then it will be ignored. Ignoring the schema can cause secrets defined in the output schema to be ignored and therefore not masked.

They can use tools such as st2-pack-install to install during the down-time, or ensure that affected workflows are not run until after the upgrade and packs updated.

Author: K. I added a note.
